hi my name is Taryn you're watching
sushi by Terry
cuz I anything I could start you guys
all with let me guess California roll
yep California roll and spicy mayo yo
you still eat california rolls I eat
real sushi can I get a spicy tuna please
but i like california rolls sounds good
i'll put that in for you ladies but I
like California homes real sushi today
I'm going to show you how to make spicy
tuna rolls mmm spicy now the spicy tuna
roll is a little bit different than the
California roll it's rolled in a style
called futomaki which means fat roll all
right now that you know about the spices
to know let's get rolling time to roll
all right here we go with most rolls we
start off with a half sheet of nori
there's two sides of the nori nice
glossy side and then you have kind of a
rough textured side and then you want
the texture sign up and then you get a
ball of rice make sure your hands are
wet so the rice doesn't stick to them
again we're going to want to do squish
and push so you start out this side and
squish it Annie push it go with the
spicy tuna roll you don't want to go all
the way to the end so use your
fingertips push it to the edges and now
you're going to want to turn it 90
degrees and this one you're not going to
flip over the first thing I like to put
in the role is lettuce I like to cut it
in half and then put it so the answers
so a little bit a bit of sticking out
what's nicer that way second I like to
put in cucumbers instead of just putting
it like this it looks a little bit nicer
if you cut it in half first on an
extreme botanist and then stick it in
the middle third I like to do avocado
now just like before you scoop all the
avocado
just like that all right and then the
left the final thing you want to put it
is spicy tuna and I like to put it in a
big ball right in the middle from here
you just use your fingers and then again
do tuck and roll talk good and then you
roll just like that next you grab your
ma ki soo or your roll thingy lay it
over the top then give it a squeeze then
you want to get your knife wet and then
some places like to cut it in the for
some places like to cut into 6 we at the
social house like to cut into five
just like that
now that wasn't so hard don't forget to
hit the like button and the subscribe
button and then I'll show you how to
make sushi that looks like this time for
the question of the day when was the
first time you ate sushi and what did
you order thank you for watching 60 my
Terry
I real sushi but I like california rolls